{\rtf0\ansi{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Helvetica;}
\paperw9840
\paperh8400
\margl120
\margr120
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs16\li360\fc1\cf1 \

\b\fs36 What is a link?\

{\b0\fs12{\NeXTGraphic17 921326_PixelRule.tiff \width7180 \height60
}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs12\li360\fc1\cf1 \

\fs28 \

\fs24 A link is a pointer to a file or folder that's somewhere else in the file system. A link looks and acts like the file or folder it points to. It has the same icon, and when you open it, you see the same contents.\

\fs16 \

\fs24 On a network, links make it easy for several people to open the same file. For example, if you're working with a group of people on the same project, you can create a link to your group's 
\b Schedule
\b0  file and keep it in your home folder. To see the current schedule\'a0\u8212\'a0 including any changes made to it\'a0\u8212\'a0you can open your link. \

\fs16 \

\fs24 Links also save time. Instead of following a lengthy path to a folder you work in frequently, you can create a link to the folder and put it somewhere convenient, such as in your home folder. Then to get to the actual contents of the folder, you just open your link.\

\fs16 \

\fs24 Finally, links save disk space. Instead of copying a sound or application into your home folder, just make a link to it. Since a link is just a pointer to the file, it takes up practically no space on the disk.\

\fs16 \

\fs24 A link remains tied to the name and location of the file or folder it points to. You can move the link or rename it, and it still points to the file or folder. If the actual file or folder is moved, renamed, or deleted, however, the link breaks. You should therefore make links only to files or folders that you're relatively sure aren't going to be moved or renamed.\

\fs16 \

\fs24 When a link does break, its icon changes to a question mark. You can reestablish the link by returning the actual file or folder to its original location and name. Otherwise, you should delete the link.\

\fs36 \

{\fs24{\NeXTGraphic1610 WhatIsALink.tiff \width7340 \height7840
}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\li360\fc1\cf1 \
\

{\fs12{\NeXTGraphic1613 104584_PixelRule.tiff \width7180 \height20
}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs12\li360\fc1\cf1 \

\fs16 \

\b\fs24 See also\

\b0\fs16 \

{\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\fs24\fi-360\li720\fc1\cf1{\NeXTHelpLink1626 \markername ;\linkFilename CreatingALink.rtfd;\linkMarkername ;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\fi-360\li720\fc1\cf1 	Link files and folders\

{{\NeXTHelpLink1651 \markername ;\linkFilename SetOptionsForCopyLink.rtfd;\linkMarkername ;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\fi-360\li720\fc1\cf1 	Set options for copying links\

}
