{\rtf0\ansi{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Helvetica;}
\paperw9840
\paperh8400
\margl120
\margr120
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs16\li360\fc1\cf1 \

\b\fs36 The keyboard\

{\b0\fs12{\NeXTGraphic14 921326_PixelRule.tiff \width7180 \height60
}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs12\li360\fc1\cf1 \

\fs28  \

\fs24 Most keys on your keyboard are labeled with letters, numbers, punctuation, or other symbols that the keys generate when you press them. 
{{\NeXTHelpMarker154 \markername Shift;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\li360\fc1\cf1 You hold down the Shift key to get uppercase letters or the upper characters on keys labeled with two characters. The space bar inserts an invisible space character.\

\fs16 \

\fs24 When you hold down a key, the character repeats itself. You can use the Preferences application to adjust the repetition speed. See \u8220Set the rate for repeating characters\u8221\'A0 in Preferences on-line help.\

\fs16 \

{\fs24{\NeXTHelpMarker524 \markername Return;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\li360\fc1\cf1 You press Return to end a paragraph. In some panels, pressing Return operates a button.\

\fs16 \

{\fs24{\NeXTHelpMarker614 \markername Tab;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\li360\fc1\cf1 You can press Tab to move to the next tab stop in a document or the next text field in a panel. Sometimes holding down Shift while pressing Tab moves in the reverse direction\'a0\u8212\'a0for example, to the previous field in a panel.\

\fs16 \

{\fs24{\NeXTHelpMarker838 \markername Backspace;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\li360\fc1\cf1 To delete text, you can press the Backspace key, which backs up over text one character at a time.\

\fs16 \

\fs24 The numeric keypad provides a convenient way to enter numbers and do calculations. There's no difference between typing the same character here and on the main part of the keyboard.\

\fs16 \

{\fs24{\NeXTHelpMarker1122 \markername no key;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\li360\fc1\cf1 If you type when there's no key window or if the key window doesn't accept typing, the computer beeps so you know that your keystrokes aren't doing anything.\

\fs16 \

{\fs24{\NeXTHelpMarker1282 \markername Caps Lock;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\li360\fc1\cf1 On most keyboards, you can press a key or set of keys to turn Caps Lock on or off. When Caps Lock is on, you can type uppercase letters without holding down the Shift key.\

\fs16 \

\fs24 Some keys, including the Command, Alternate, and Control keys, don't do anything when you press them by themselves, but they have a special effect when you use them with other keys or with the mouse. For this reason, they're sometimes called "power keys." For information, click here 
{{\NeXTHelpLink1740 \markername ;\linkFilename ../PowerKeys/How.rtfd;\linkMarkername ;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\li360\fc1\cf1 \

\fs16 \

\fs24 The locations of the Control, Alternate, Command, and Escape keys, and how you turn Caps Lock on and off, depend on which keyboard arrangement you're using. For information, click here if you're using the USA keyboard arrangement  
{{\NeXTHelpLink1974 \markername ;\linkFilename ../PowerKeys/Where.rtfd;\linkMarkername ;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\li360\fc1\cf1 \

\fs16 \

\fs24 If you're using the NeXTUSA keyboard arrangement, click here 
{{\NeXTHelpLink2038 \markername ;\linkFilename ../PowerKeys/NeXTUSA.rtfd;\linkMarkername ;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\li360\fc1\cf1 \

\fs28 \

{\fs16{\NeXTGraphic2041 KeysOnKeyboard.tiff \width7160 \height4560
}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs16\li360\fc1\cf1 \

\fs28 \

{\fs12{\NeXTGraphic2044 104584_PixelRule.tiff \width7180 \height20
}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs12\li360\fc1\cf1 \

\fs16 \

\b\fs24 See also\

\b0\fs16 \

{\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\fs24\fi-360\li720\fc1\cf1{\NeXTHelpLink2057 \markername ;\linkFilename ../WorkingText/IntroWorkingText.rtfd;\linkMarkername ;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\fi-360\li720\fc1\cf1 	Working with Text\

{\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\li360\fc1\cf1{\NeXTHelpLink2077 \markername ;\linkFilename ../PowerKeys/How.rtfd;\linkMarkername ;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\li360\fc1\cf1 	How you use power keys\

{{\NeXTHelpLink2102 \markername ;\linkFilename ../PowerKeys/Where.rtfd;\linkMarkername ;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\li360\fc1\cf1 	Where your power keys are\

{{\NeXTHelpLink2130 \markername ;\linkFilename ../PowerKeys/NeXTUSA.rtfd;\linkMarkername ;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\li360\fc1\cf1 	Double your power with NeXTUSA
\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\fi-360\li720\fc1\cf1 \

}
