{\rtf0\ansi{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Helvetica;}
\paperw9840
\paperh8400
\margl120
\margr120
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs16\li360\fc1\cf1 \

\b\fs36 File packages\'a0\u8212\'a0files that are really folders\

{\b0\fs12{\NeXTGraphic45 921326_PixelRule.tiff \width7180 \height60
}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs12\li360\fc1\cf1 \

\fs28 \

\fs24 A file package is a special kind of folder whose contents aren't normally shown in the File Viewer or any other folder window. Instead, file packages look and behave like regular files. Double-clicking a file package, for example, starts up an application or shows the contents of a file in a window.\

\fs16 \

\fs24 File packages keep together information that shouldn't be separated. When you add a graphic image to an Edit document, for example, the Edit application puts the graphic in its own file and stores it in a file package along with a file containing the document's text. Most applications are also file packages. They consist of a file containing the actual application and other files that the application uses, such as the clicking sound for the camera in the Grab application.\

\fs16 \

\fs24 You rarely need to see the contents of a file package, and you shouldn't normally change its contents. But 
{{\NeXTHelpMarker935 \markername inside;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\li360\fc1\cf1 to look inside one\'a0\u8212\'a0for example, to copy something from it\'a0\u8212\'a0select it in the File Viewer and choose Open as Folder from the File menu. \

\fs16 \

{\fs24{\NeXTHelpMarker1071 \markername identify;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\li360\fc1\cf1 You can tell that a file is really a file package if:\

\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\fs16\fi-360\li720\fc1\cf1 \

\fs24 \b1\u8226\b0	The Open as Folder command isn't dimmed when the file is selected. When you select a regular file, this command is dimmed.\

\fs16 \

\fs24 \b1\u8226\b0	When you inspect the file with the Inspector command, the file is treated as a folder. For information, click here 
{{\NeXTHelpLink1370 \markername ;\linkFilename ../InspectingFiles/GettingInfo.rtfd;\linkMarkername ;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\fi-360\li720\fc1\cf1 \

\fs16 \

\fs24 \b1\u8226\b0	The file is an RTF file with an 
\b .rtfd
\b0  extension.\

\fs16 \

\fs24 \b1\u8226\b0	The file is an application with an 
\b .app
\b0  extension.\

\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\fs36\li360\fc1\cf1 \

{\fs12{\NeXTGraphic1479 FilePackages.tiff \width6640 \height4240
}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs12\li360\fc1\cf1 \

\fs36 \

{\fs12{\NeXTGraphic1482 267080_PixelRule.tiff \width7180 \height20
}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs12\li360\fc1\cf1 \

\fs16 \

\b\fs24 See also\

\b0\fs16 \

{\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\fs24\fi-360\li720\fc1\cf1{\NeXTHelpLink1495 \markername ;\linkFilename OpenFolderInWin.rtfd;\linkMarkername ;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\fi-360\li720\fc1\cf1 	Open a folder in its own window\

{{\NeXTHelpLink1529 \markername ;\linkFilename ../InspectingFiles/GettingInfo.rtfd;\linkMarkername ;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\fi-360\li720\fc1\cf1 	Get information about a file or folder\

}
