.\" Hey, Emacs!  This is an -*- nroff -*- source file.
.TH setstyle 1 "April 2015"
.SH NAME
setstyle \- set style related options for Window Maker or loads a theme
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B setstyle
.RI [ options ]
.IR stylefile | themepack
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B setstyle
reads the file
.I stylefile
and writes its contents to the
.I WMWindowMaker
domain, effectively setting the Window Maker style.
If the supplied path is a directory
.RI ( themepack ),
it will be treated as a theme pack and it will be loaded appropriately.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-help
print a help message with the list of options.
.TP
.BR \-\-ignore " \fIkeyword\fP"
ignore the attribute named \fIkeyword\fP from the style file.
You can specify this option as many times as needed.
You may find a non-exhaustive list of the keywords from the
.BR getstyle (1)
man page.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-cursors
ignore cursor definition options from the style file
.RI ( NormalCursor ", " ArrowCursor ", " MoveCursor ", " ResizeCursor ,
.IR TopLeftResizeCursor ", " TopRightResizeCursor ", " BottomLeftResizeCursor ,
.IR BottomRightResizeCursor ", " VerticalResizeCursor ", " HorizontalResizeCursor ,
.IR WaitCursor ", " QuestionCursor ", " TextCursor ", " SelectCursor ).
.TP
.B \-\-no\-fonts
ignore font related options from the style file
.RI ( IconTitleFont ", " ClipTitleFont ", " MenuTextFont ,
.IR MenuTitleFont ", " WindowTitleFont ).
.TP
.B \-\-version
print the version of Window Maker from which the program comes.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.IP GNUSTEP_USER_ROOT
specifies the initial path for the Defaults directory. "Defaults/" is
appended to this variable to determine the actual location of the
databases. If the variable is not set, it defaults to "~/GNUstep"
.SH FILES
.IP GNUSTEP_USER_ROOT/Defaults/WindowMaker
This is the actual file that's written.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR getstyle (1),
.BR wmaker (1)
.SH AUTHOR
This man page was written by Marcelo Magallon <mmagallo@debian.org>.
.PP
Window Maker was written by Alfredo K. Kojima <kojima@windowmaker.info>.
