.\" Hey, Emacs!  This is an -*- nroff -*- source file.
.TH wxcopy 1 "September 1998"
.SH NAME
wxcopy \- copy stdin or file into X11 cutbuffer
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wxcopy
.RI [ options ]
.RI [ filename ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B wxcopy
copies stdin or
.I filename
into the cutbuffer. If no cutbuffer is specified, the data will be
copied into cutbuffer 0 and the other cutbuffers will be rotated, if present.
If a cutbuffer is specified, the data is copied into that cutbuffer,
and no rotation of buffers is performed.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-clear\-selection
Clears the PRIMARY selection owner. In practice it means that when you try
to paste the data with the middle mouse button (for example) it will paste
the data from cut buffer 0, instead of any eventually existing mouse
selection.
.TP
.BI \-\-cutbuffer " number"
Specifies the number of the cutbuffer to copy data to.
.TP
.BR \-display " display\-name"
The data will be copied in the cutbuffers of the specified display/screen.
.TP
.B \-\-help
print a help message with the list of options.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-limit
Makes the normal 64kb limit check not to be performed, making the buffer
attempt to grow to whatever size is required.
.TP
.B \-\-version
print the version of Window Maker from which the program comes.
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR wxpaste (1),
.BR wmaker (1)
.SH AUTHOR
This man page was written by Marcelo Magallon <mmagallo@debian.org>.
.PP
Window Maker was written by Alfredo K. Kojima <kojima@windowmaker.info>.

Binary data compatibility and \-\-no\-limit stuff by Luke Kendall
<luke@research.canon.com.au>.
