.\" Hey, Emacs!  This is an -*- nroff -*- source file.
.TH getstyle 1 "April 2015"
.SH NAME
getstyle \- dumps the current Window Maker style related configuration or
creates a theme pack.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B getstyle
.RI [ \-t | \-\-theme-options "] [" \-p | \-\-pack "] [" "style file" ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B getstyle
can either dump the current Window Maker style related configuration
information to a file/stdout or create a self-contained theme pack. A theme
pack is a directory that contains everything that is needed for a
redistributable theme, including the style information and pixmaps used by it.

Note that style information stored in the global configuration of the
system is not read.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-help
print a help message with the list of options.
.TP
.BR \-\-pack " or " \-p
creates a theme pack in the directory named by the theme name appended
with the .themed suffix.
.TP
.BR \-\-theme-options " or " \-t
dumps theme related information too, which includes the root background
texture.  This option is always enabled when the \-p option is used.
.TP
.B \-\-version
print the version of Window Maker from which the program comes.

.SH "STYLE CONTENT"

The following options are stored by default:
.IR TitleJustify ", " ClipTitleFont ", " WindowTitleFont ", " MenuTitleFont ,
.IR MenuTextFont ", " IconTitleFont ", " LargeDisplayFont ", " HighlightColor ,
.IR HighlightTextColor ", " ClipTitleColor ", " CClipTitleColor ", " FTitleColor ,
.IR PTitleColor ", " UTitleColor ", " FTitleBack ", " PTitleBack ,
.IR UTitleBack ", " ResizebarBack ", " MenuTitleColor ", " MenuTextColor ,
.IR MenuDisabledColor ", " MenuTitleBack ", " MenuTextBack ", " IconBack ,
.IR IconTitleColor ", " IconTitleBack ", " FrameBorderWidth ", " FrameBorderColor ,
.IR FrameSelectedBorderColor ", " MenuStyle ", " WindowTitleExtendSpace ,
.IR MenuTitleExtendSpace ", and " MenuTextExtendSpace .

If either \fB-t\fP or \fB--theme-options\fP is specified, in addition
to the previous options, \fIWorkspaceBack\fP is also stored,
along with any user-definable mouse cursor settings
.RI ( NormalCursor ", " ArrowCursor ", " MoveCursor ", " ResizeCursor ,
.IR TopLeftResizeCursor ", " TopRightResizeCursor ", " BottomLeftResizeCursor ,
.IR BottomRightResizeCursor ", " VerticalResizeCursor ", " HorizontalResizeCursor ,
.IR WaitCursor ", " QuestionCursor ", " TextCursor ", " SelectCursor )
that are present.

.SH ENVIRONMENT
.IP GNUSTEP_USER_ROOT
specifies the initial path for the Defaults directory. "Defaults/" is
appended to this variable to determine the actual location of the
databases. If the variable is not set, it defaults to "~/GNUstep"
.SH FILES
.IP GNUSTEP_USER_ROOT/Defaults/WindowMaker
This is the actual file that gets written.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR setstyle (1),
.BR wmaker (1)
.SH AUTHOR
This man page was written by Marcelo Magallon <mmagallo@debian.org>.
.PP
Window Maker was written by Alfredo K. Kojima <kojima@windowmaker.info>.
