.TH WPrefs 1 "March 2001"
.SH NAME
WPrefs \- Window Maker configuration tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B WPrefs
.RI [ options ]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
WPrefs.app is the preferences "editor" for the WindowMaker window manager. It
can be used to set most of the preference options of WindowMaker and define
it's applications menu. It also can change some settings that do not belong to
WindowMaker.
.PP
Although WPrefs.app is designed to be easy to use, you should read the
user guide to be fully aware of all available options and other features
of WindowMaker that are not related to configuration.
.PP
\fIOnly options that have different values than what is found in the
system-wide configuration file is saved.\fP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
.BI \-display " host:display.screen"
specify display to use.
.TP
.B \-\-help
print a help message with the list of options
.TP
.B \-\-version
print the version of Window Maker from which the program comes
.SH FILES
.TP
.B ~/GNUstep/Defaults/WindowMaker
general Window Maker defaults.
.TP
.B /etc/GNUstep/Defaults/WindowMaker
system wide Window Maker defaults.
.TP
.B ~/GNUstep/Defaults/WMRootMenu
Contains the name of the file to read the root menu from or the
menu itself, in property list format.
.TP
.B ~/GNUstep/Library/WindowMaker/autostart
This script is automatically executed when Window Maker is started.  WPrefs
saves the mouse speed configuration is saved as a call for xset here.
.SH SEE ALSO
The Window Maker User Guide
.PP
The Window Maker FAQ
.PP
.BR wmaker (1),
.BR wdread (1),
.BR wdwrite (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Window Maker was written by Alfredo K. Kojima <kojima@windowmaker.info>,
Dan Pascu <dan@windowmaker.info> with contributions from many people around
the Internet.
.PP
This manual page was written by Marcelo E. Magallon, <mmagallo@debian.org>,
for the Debian Project and might be used freely by others.
