{\rtf0\ansi{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss Helvetica;}
\paperw9840
\paperh8400
\margl120
\margr120
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs16\li360\fc1\cf1 \

\b\fs36 Types of windows\

{\b0\fs12{\NeXTGraphic18 921326_PixelRule.tiff \width7180 \height60
}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs12\li360\fc1\cf1 \

\fs16 \

\fs24 There are two types of windows: standard windows and panels. A 
{{\NeXTHelpMarker84 \markername standard;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\li360\fc1\cf1 standard window is where the action in an application occurs. If you're creating a document, you type in a standard window such as an Edit window. The File Viewer is also a standard window \u8212  it's where you do Workspace Manager tasks such as organizing files.\

\fs16 \

{\fs24{\NeXTHelpMarker343 \markername panels;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\li360\fc1\cf1 Panels are windows where you tell an application what to do. Often one opens when you choose a command, asking you for more instructions or to confirm the command. When you choose to quit an application, for example, a panel might ask if you want to save the changes you just made to the document you were working in.\

\fs16 \

\fs24 Some panels act on the contents of a standard window. For example, a Find panel locates specific text in a document. A panel might also just contain a message \u8212  you often click an OK button to close the panel after reading its message. 
{{\NeXTHelpMarker897 \markername attention;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\li360\fc1\cf1 A panel with a blank title bar (no title or buttons) is an 
\i attention panel
\i0 . When one of these panels opens, you have to respond to it before you can do anything else in the application.\

\fs16 \

\fs24 Some panels act on the contents of a standard window. For example, a Find panel locates specific text in a document. When a panel acts on a standard window, the panel has a black title bar to show that it's the key window \u8212  the window you're working in. 
{{\NeXTHelpMarker1337 \markername main window;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\li360\fc1\cf1 So you can tell which window the panel applies to, your standard window then gets a dark gray title bar and is known as the 
\i main window
\i0 .  \

\fs36 \

{\fs48{\NeXTGraphic1478 TypesWindows1.tiff \width6500 \height4340
}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\li360\fc1\cf1 \

\fs16 \

{\fs12{\NeXTGraphic1481 326647_PixelDottedRulePadded.tiff \width7140 \height100
}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs12\li360\fc1\cf1 \

\fs16 \

{\b\fs12{\NeXTGraphic1484 TypesWindows2.tiff \width7220 \height4740
}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b\i0\ulnone\fs12\li360\fc1\cf1 \

\b0\fs24 \

{\b\fs12{\NeXTGraphic1487 104584_PixelRule.tiff \width7180 \height20
}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\tx7560\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs12\li360\fc1\cf1 \

\fs16 \

\b\fs24 See also\

\b0\fs16 \

{\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\fs24\fi-360\li720\fc1\cf1{\NeXTHelpLink1500 \markername ;\linkFilename WorkingWindows.rtfd;\linkMarkername ;}
¬}\pard\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\tx4680\tx5040\tx5400\tx5760\tx6120\tx6480\tx6840\tx7200\f0\b0\i0\ulnone\fs24\fi-360\li720\fc1\cf1 	Work with windows\

}
