{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf102{\fonttbl\f1\fnil Arial;\f2\fswiss Helvetica;\f0\fnil Helvetica World;}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw11440\paperh11640\hyphauto1\hyphfactor0\f0\fs32\i\b\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql CUBE - next step of NeXTSTEP\f1\fs28 \par
\par
\fs24\i0\b0 The main goal of CUBE is to create operating environment for workstations as much as possible close to genuine NeXT operating system. CUBE is not meant to be cross-platform. CUBE meant to be complete OS(as NeXTSTEP/OPENSTEP, MacOS are). Core components of CUBE are:\par
\par
\b FreeeBSD\b0  - operating system (base system, ports\cf1 , libdispatch\cf0 )\par
\b GNUstep\b0  - as foundation of all CUBE applications and tools (with all its dependecies)\par
\b Xorg\b0  - as Window Server for all CUBE applications (2D, 3D)\fs28\i\b \par
\par
\f0\fs32 CUBE core applications\f1\fs28\i0\b0 \par
\fs24 \par
\b Login\b0  - first application that starts after system become ready. Responsible for:\par
- start and stop of window server (Xorg);\par
- shutdown of operating system;\par
- configuring displays (on/off, resolution, gamma...);\par
- configuring keyboard (layouts, autorepeat);\par
- authentication of users;\par
- managing display state of running sessions (lock, fade out, screensaver);\par
- switching between users\rquote  sessions (live switch);\par
\par
\b Workspace\b0  - first user application after logon. Responsible for:\par
- graphical access to files and applications (create, copy, move, read, "File viewer");\par
- managing \cf0\cf1 native and foreing application windows (Dock, miniwindows, title bar, \par
  resizing and moving, workplaces placement, "WindowMaker");\par
- managing applications when user wants to logout (send notification, wait for close, \par
  stop logout if applications not closed);\par
- react on insertion/removal of removeable devices (flash disks, players, cameras);\par
- providing access to console messages (Tools->Console)\par
\par
\b Preferences\b0  - provides access to view and modify of system, GNUstep and CUBE preferences.\par
Also act as clock and calendar application.\par
\par
\f0\fs32\i\b Login and Workspace interconnection\f1\fs28\i0\b0 \par
\par
\fs24 These two core applications should have permanent interconnection. Functionality must be strictly differentiated. For example, when user asks to power computer off, \i Workspace\i0  ends user applications and asks \i Login\i0  to power off computer. Login checks for other user sessions and shutting down operating system.\par
Functionality over time can be moved from one app to another (e.g screensaver).\par
\par
\f0\fs32\i\b CUBE essential applications\f1\fs24\i0\b0 \par
\par
Terminal\par
TextEdit\par
Review\par
\par
\f0\fs32\i\b Other applications\f1\fs24\i0\b0 \par
OpenUp\par
NoteBook - note takng application, TODO manager like OmniFocus\par
\par
\f0\fs32\i\b non-CUBE applications I\rquote ll not plan to replace\par
\f2\fs24\i0\b0 Firefox\par
Thunderbird\par
Emacs/VIM\par
Dia\par
Transmission - ? has MacOS interface\par
VLC - ? has MacOS interface\par
}